Bl express node example (#976)
Shopify/hydrogen: examples/express/README.md

# Hydrogen Express Example

This is a Hydrogen example using NodeJS [Express](https://expressjs.com/). Hydrogen works best with Oxygen, and any project initialized with `npm create @shopify/hydrogen@latest` will create a template that uses Oxygen. If you don't want to use Oxygen, adapting the starter template to another platform is tricky. Instead we suggest generating a new app from the [Remix CLI](https://remix.run/docs/en/1.16.1/tutorials/blog) `npx create-remix@latest` and adapting it with Hydrogen functionality.

This is an example setup where we have adapted the Remix Express starter app to use Hydrogen. A few things are not yet functional:

> 1. The app does not have a cache implementation. So sub-requests to the Storefront API won't be cachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Because there’s no guarantees around the platform you might deploy this to, there is no cache implementation. Sub-requests to the Storefront API will not be cached. To add caching, check out options like LRU Cache or Redis.
```

Maybe we could do something like this here just to not leave folks hanging.

> 1. The app does not yet utilize [`storefrontRedirect`](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/hydrogen/2023-04/unstable/utilities/storefrontredirect). This will be added when Remix releases middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Our [`storefrontRedirect`](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/hydrogen/2023-04/unstable/utilities/storefrontredirect) function, which handles redirects that are set in the Shopify Admin, must be set up in your server file. As the shape of the response isn't guaranteed, we haven't included this here. When Middleware is available in Remix, we'll add this into the example, until then, you can look to our [source code](https://github.com/Shopify/hydrogen/blob/2023-04/packages/hydrogen/src/routing/redirect.ts) to create your own implementation.
```
